[expo-observe] add ObserveInteractiveMarker component (#46909)
expo/expo: docs/pages/eas/observe/reference/metrics.mdx

Param values can be strings, numbers, booleans, or other JSON-serializable values.

#### Mark interactive declaratively

> Instead of calling `markInteractive()` from an effect, you can render the `<InteractiveMarker />` component at the point your screen becomes interactive, such as once its initial data has loaded. It calls `markInteractive()` once when it mounts and renders nothing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead of calling `markInteractive()` from an effect, you can render the `<ObserveInteractiveMarker />` component at the point your screen becomes interactive, such as once its initial data has loaded. It calls `markInteractive()` once when it mounts and renders nothing.
```

Just a left-over.

> **info** `InteractiveMarker` is available in SDK 56 and later.

```tsx

> import { InteractiveMarker } from 'expo-observe';

Reviewer 2: [🚨 **critical**] The import in this example uses `InteractiveMarker`, not `ObserveInteractiveMarker`. This will fail at runtime unless an alias is also exported from the package. See the corresponding source comment.

Param values can be strings, numbers, booleans, or other JSON-serializable values.

#### Mark interactive declaratively

> Instead of calling `markInteractive()` from an effect, you can render the `<InteractiveMarker />` component at the point your screen becomes interactive — for example, once its initial data has loaded. It calls `markInteractive()` once when it mounts and renders nothing.

Reviewer: **[suggestion]** Avoid em dashes; the style guide prefers separate sentences or a plain comma when splitting a thought (`style-guide.md#punctuation`).

```suggestion
Instead of calling `markInteractive()` from an effect, you can render the `<InteractiveMarker />` component at the point your screen becomes interactive, such as once its initial data has loaded. It calls `markInteractive()` once when it mounts and renders nothing.
```

<Tabs>

<Tab label="SDK 56 and later">

```tsx
import { InteractiveMarker } from 'expo-observe';

function Feed({ items }) {
  if (!items) {
    return <Spinner />;
  }

  return (
    <>
      <FeedList items={items} />
      <InteractiveMarker params={{ cacheHit: true }} />
    </>
  );
}
```

</Tab>

> </Tabs>

Reviewer: **[design]** `<Tabs>` wraps a single `<Tab>`, but tabs need at least two variants; a single variant should be a plain code block (`components.md#tabs-and-tab`). `InteractiveMarker` has no SDK 55 counterpart, so drop the tab wrapper. To keep the "SDK 56 and later" signal, add a short note (for example, "Available in SDK 56 and later.") or use the SDK version-range callout (`style-guide.md#formatting-and-structure`) rather than a one-tab strip.

````suggestion
```tsx
import { InteractiveMarker } from 'expo-observe';

function Feed({ items }) {
  if (!items) {
    return <Spinner />;
  }

  return (
    <>
      <FeedList items={items} />
      <InteractiveMarker params={{ cacheHit: true }} />
    </>
  );
}
```
````
